
    Econometric forecasting technique

Econometric Forecasting utilizes more complex relationships between demand and influencing factors to understand the relationship between them. An equation is derived and analyzed to ensure a reliable statistical representation. Finally, the projected values of the influencing factors are derived into the equation to generate an accurate forecast.

Econometric Forecasting generally focuses on different aspects of economic interactions with each other. For example, how spendings could influence income, interest rates, debt, unemployment, etc.



    Trend projection method

This method is suitable for businesses with extensive sales data with a history of 20-24 months. The data extracted generates statistical time series representing previous sales and projected demand for a specific product category under normal conditions by plotting a graph of the given information.

The benefit of the trend projection method is that it is based on numerical data and can be altered in several different ways. The analysis is more precise, and it can be replicated or refined according to need.

The down point of trend projection is that it does not address the underlying problems that may have catalyzed the trend. For example, a natural disaster, like an earthquake or a wildfire, could present you with a slanted view. More data is required to provide accurate projections.



    Barometric technique

In this technique of Demand Forecasting, current events are recorded for the prediction of the future. In the Demand Forecasting process, this is accomplished by having a look at the economic indicators. Mainly, a demographic evaluation like the Leading series, Lagging series, or Concurrent series is arranged to generate the Demand Forecast.

The barometric forecasting technique’s upside is that it solves the issue of identifying the value of an individual variable. A significant disadvantage of this method is that we can’t use it for long-term forecasting.


Como comprobar que el sistema funcione

Realizar una analisis de datos outliers.

Centrar datos de demanda y precios con una varianza conservadora? o riesgosa?

Valor de inflacion constante a los anteriores. 

Realizar un sistema de regresion lineal basado en las series de tiempo

Target es Precio_Prom o demanda

Variables Descuento, inflacion, oferta, Popularidad del producto?, 

margen, utilidad y elasticidad creo que no deberian de agregarse -> Prediccion de ventas